OpenTelemetry customization sample (#5760)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/open-telemetry/customizing/sample.md

As the messages are sent and processed, trace data is exported to the console. Some of the trace data originates from NServiceBus and some from custom activities in the sample.

## Code walk through

### Global configuration

OpenTelemetry is configured to export all traces to the command line. It includes the `NServiceBus.Core` source which is built into NServiceBus and a custom activity source defined in the sample (see below).

snippet: open-telemetry-config

A custom processor is registered which adds the machine name as a tag to every activity created by this trace listener.

snippet: custom-processor

### Custom activities

The sample includes a custom activity source.

snippet: custom-activity-source

The handler for `CreateOrder` includes a custom activity that wraps around the billing section.

snippet: custom-activity-in-handler

This will automatically be created as a child activity of the invoke handler activity created by NServiceBus. The NServiceBus send message activity will treat this custom activity as it's parent.

> ```

Reviewer: Are these mermaid diagrams? Wouldn't the snippet require `mermaid` after the backticks to render properly?

Author: They aren't mermaid diagrams. They just use the codeblock style to preserve spaces. I did mess with trying to get these to render with mermaid using the gannt view but ultimately gave it up as not being that much of an improvement in readibility, and a whole lot harder to maintain.

snippet: custom-activity-in-behavior

This activity will be created as a child of the process message activity created by NServiceBus. The NServiceBus invoke handler activity will be created as a child of this activity.

```
Send BillOrder
  Process BillOrder
    Billing operation <-- Custom activity
      Invoke BillOrderHandler
```

### Adding tags

The handler for `ShipOrder` adds tags to the ambient behavior.

snippet: add-tags-from-handler

In the sample, these tags will be added to the NServiceBus invoke handler activity.

```
Send ShipOrder
  Proceess ShipOrder
    Invoke ShipOrderHandler <-- Custom tag gets added here
```

A behavior also detects incoming `ShipOrder` messages and adds a tag to the ambient trace.

snippet: add-tags-from-behavior

As this behavior is installed on the incoming pipeline, these tags will be added to the process message activity. 

```
Send ShipOrder
  Process ShipOrder <-- custom tag gets added here
    Invoke ShipOrderHandler
```

A behavior in the outgoing pipeline adds an order id tag to the send message activity.

snippet: add-tags-from-outgoing-behavior

> WARN: `Activity.Current` may be `null` if there is not configured trace listener. Always check if the value is null before calling methods on an `Activity` instance.

Reviewer: Reads a bit funny maybe?

```suggestion
WARN: `Activity.Current` may be `null` if there are no configured trace listeners. Always check if the value is null before calling methods on an `Activity` instance, or use the null-conditional operator (`?.`).
```
